docs(ee/manager) add more context around bind_dn/search INTF-651 (#1134)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ldap-auth-advanced/index.md

#### Upstream Headers

When a client has been authenticated, the plugin will append some headers to the
 request before proxying it to the upstream service, so that you can identify 
 the consumer in your code:

* `X-Credential-Username`, the `username` of the Credential (only if the 
consumer is not the 'anonymous' consumer)
* `X-Anonymous-Consumer`, will be set to `true` when authentication failed, and 
the 'anonymous' consumer was set instead.
* `X-Consumer-ID`, the ID of the 'anonymous' consumer on Kong (only if 
authentication failed and 'anonymous' was set)
* `X-Consumer-Custom-ID`, the `custom_id` of the 'anonymous' consumer (only if 
authentication failed and 'anonymous' was set)
* `X-Consumer-Username`, the `username` of the 'anonymous' consumer (only if 
authentication failed and 'anonymous' was set)

#### LDAP Search and config.bind_dn

> LDAP directory searching is performed during the request/plugin lifecycle and is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LDAP directory searching is performed during the request/plugin lifecycle. It is
```

> used to retrieve the fully qualified DN of the user, in order that a bind 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to retrieve the fully qualified DN of the user so a bind 
```

> request can be performed using the user's given LDAP username and password. The 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request can be performed with the user's given LDAP username and password. The 
```
